this is straight news 60 seconds your
bite size guide to Britain's best
dancing contest this week there was
fancy and Samba stars in the bright
lights of Blackpool lovely palace better
than spaghetti bolognese we're gonna
shake europe's you've gotta shake em in
here if you don't new trouble just plain
scary but i have feeling that doesn't
happen is going to some couples made a
splash it was the first american smooth
of the night with matinee leona at the
top of the tower the best brazilian pop
to date both on while others failed to
make waves it wasn't a Foxtrot so air
can I judge it as a hot stock of
thoughts it was time to say farewell to
Felicity and Vincent
as it several remaining couples head
back down south make sure you keep up to
date right here at BBC coder
ek forward slash strictly